What did you just say to Qin Yue?
How could he be unhappy?
Yeah, nothing much.
Some little things
Qin Mo, how long will it take to arrive at the place?
It's about a quarter of an hour.
Why are you staring at me?
I have something dirty on my face.
You've been weird since you came back from Guo Zijian
Did the witness say something you didn't tell me?
Nothing. How?
Don't think nonsense
Brother and sister-in-law, we are here.
The previous account room of the Sun family lived here
Well, the address says this should be correct, anyone?
Mr. Zhao, the other party doesn't seem to be at home
I'll go in and have a look first
You are waiting for me outside
Be careful, don't worry.
Mr. Shao